"This is encouragement, again encouragement, as well as relieving, relief, encouragement, all you
can do. You can do. It's not something that you cannot do.
And this is something, again, to condense it, all the instructors in the great Mahatma Mahamud
highlight it.
It condenses that all what Nagarjuna taught, he kind of condenses it. You can put this, this, this,
here, here, here. And you can do that. It's condense everything. That is the fearless one.
The fearless one, again, to referring to the King. You are the fearless person. I don't have to
tell many things. But however, with my unreal heart, heart, I like to say one more, something that
will become so beneficial to you.
What is that? That is, if you are able to explain, condense your mind, mind. That is the Buddha
said. That is the root of all the Dharma practices.
Root of all these teachings, what Nagarjuna went through. From the beginning, tell hunter that if
you are able to, if you do, calm down like peaceful, our discipline, that is the essence, the root
of Dharma.
That, that is so valuable that every instruction, the detailed instruction, what he went through,
calm down one thing. Display, watch our mind, or watch your mind. Display your mind. Watch your
mind.
If you do this, all the teachings are condensed in one simple word, teaching status. And the next
one is, again.